# CS 411 - Team 9 Pitches

## Movie Night Coordination Engine
A webapp that allows you to search up movies you may be interested in watching and tells you where to watch it, ratings,..etc. First the app would call rating APIs such as IMDB, Rotten Tomatoes, etc to accurately sort the movies seperate from the streaming services. Once the rated movies are pulled in we would then call the API's of the streaming services such as Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, etc to show the user what they can watch by themselves or with friends. App will also provide movie recommendations by interested genre, ratings, and compared to other movies watched. You would also be able to recommend movies to friends in formulating a playlist of movies you may be interested in, your friend would also set up a list and they could be shared with each other and compared, to formulate a playlist both users may be interested in. Users could then use their playlists/recommendations from the beginning to create Netflix/ Hulu/Amazon watch parties once they have decided on a movie. There would also be a random movie feature using a seperate roulette API that just recommends a random movie based on the User’s filters.

## Music Discovery
A webapp that allows users to get recommended playlists/songs based on other users with similar interests. Users can upload a playlist of songs and see what songs other people who added those songs also added. Users can share recommendations/playlists with friends. App can be synced with both Spotify and Apple Music and playlists can be transferred between the two. This would call on the Spotify and Apple music APIs to achieve this.
